What if we don't find Bill Ward
before he releases the virus?
We have to find him,
or we have no future.
(LOUD EXPLOSION)
-We lost the virus.
-It's in Emily. It's in her blood.
SACHA: I hate him
for what he did to you.
-No.
-Hey. Come on.
(GRUNTS)
(IN FRENCH)
We need to get to London.
What's in London?
Him.
(IN ENGLISH) Where have you come from?
I was at the leisure centre at Mile End.
We were attacked.
Do you want to see something?
She's one of them.
(IN FRENCH)
Here.
Hey. I think I see your Professor.
He was teaching at Tythehurst College
when he wrote the book.
Have you thought about what we're going
to do if we can't find him?
We have to.
That isn't really an answer.
(IN ENGLISH) Do you think Isla's dead?
If she is, there's nothing
we can do for her.
-She's our sister.
-We have to find Bill Ward
and stop him releasing the virus
or we'll all be dead.
We can mourn Isla when it's over.
(GRUNTS)
So, you want to go
looking for this girl?
The biological weapon
is in Emily's blood.
I was testing it on her.
MICHAEL: This girl, you're saying
she's an alien?
BILL: Part alien.
Or human.
Depending on which way you look at it.
DOMINIC: Have you seen
the things they do?
Ain't fucking human.
And you can't make any more
of this biological weapon?
No. It'll take months before it's ready,
by which time we'd all be wiped out.
We have to find Emily.
ETHAN: So where is she?
BILL: We were in a cinema. Not far.
DOMINIC: You wanna risk your life
for this prick?
You're not risking your life for me.
It's for every man, woman and child
who's still alive.
This is our last chance.
All right. I'll take you.
Thanks. Thanks very much.
Come on. Get your shit together.
Let's go.
I haven't got any shit. It's just me.
(IN FRENCH)
They're out of cola bottles.
It's bullshit.
I found this in your pocket.
Whose blood is this?
It's mine. I cut myself...
Where?
Show me.
Did you kill Ash?
What?
What are you talking about?
Don't talk to me like that!
And don't lie to me...
I didn't mean to...
I promise, mum.
I really didn't mean to.
Sacha...
Bill wanted to take Emily to a lab
so he could keep experimenting on her.
I had to stop him.
What is that to do with Ash?
Ash walked in on us. There was a fight.
I didn't mean to kill him.
It was an accident...
What about Bill?
What did you do with his body?
He's alive. He ran away.
What do you think the others will do
when they find out you killed Ash?
They think the aliens killed him.
And if he comes back
and tells them it was you?
I was doing it for Emily.
I love her.
You barely know her.
This is crazy.
You kill someone
because you like some girl you just met?
I don't expect you to understand.
Oh yeah?
So make me understand.
We have to go.
We have to leave before the others
realise what you did.
I'm not going anywhere without Emily.
They will kill you, Sacha.
I won't be able to stop them.
We have to go.
You go if you want to.
I'm staying.
I won't let you become like him,
like your father.
I won't let that happen...
I'm not a child any more.
You can't make me do anything.
Sacha. Please...
You want me to choose
between you and Emily?
Okay.
I choose her.
(IN ENGLISH) Hey.
Thanks.
What is it?
Do you feel bad about
trying to kill Bill?
Yes.
Why did you do it?
They got inside my head.
They made me feel like
I was one of them.
Why do you think
it's just us that can sense them?
I don't know.
Maybe what we have is special.
It doesn't feel very special.
It does to me.
I wouldn't change it.
I wouldn't change anything.
What did you get?
Pick and mix.
There were no cola bottles.
-Seriously?
-Yeah.
The world's gone to shit.
They're coming.
They're here. We've got to go.
Go, go, go! Come on. Come on.
The insulin. I forgot the insulin.
I'll go. I'll catch you up.
Go.
Come on. Go.
(GUN COCKS)
Go, go. Come on. Go.
Go, go, go.
I got it.
-They got away.
-Did you see Bill Ward?
No.
I saw Emily.
Is she one of us or one of them?
She's one of us.
How can that be?
I don't know.
ETHAN: Either they're dead
or they got away.
BILL: We have to find them.
We have to find Emily.
And how do we do that?
Hey, look, you're welcome to hang around
and look for her,
but you're doing it on your own.
KARIEM: Watch the street.
DOMINIC: There's something
I wanna show you.
This is my daughter,
Ella.
She died in the attack.
It's her birthday.
She would've been six.
(DOOR OPENS)
What happened?
They were all over the cinema.
Have they got the girl?
I don't know.
So what's the plan now?
Without Emily, there is no plan.
We're screwed.
That's great.
(ISLA SCREAMS)
(DOMINIC GRUNTS)
Why is he beating her?
Would have been
his daughter's birthday today.
(ISLA SCREAMS)
This is wrong.
This is so wrong.
You wanna release a biological weapon
that's gonna kill them all.
And that's okay, is it?
It's the only chance we have.
What he's doing isn't right.
They killed his wife,
killed his daughter.
Why don't you go in there
and tell him it's wrong?
Oh, I wanna see this.
Go on.
-Do it.
-(ISLA SCREAMS)
No?
Didn't think so.
Prick.
(ISLA CONTINUES SCREAMING)
(IN FRENCH)
Come on!
(GRUNTS)
(METAL CLANGING)
(IN ENGLISH) Wow, you really beat
the shit out of it.
-Don't touch me.
-Woah!
What's going on?
Fuck off and leave me alone.
Why is that so hard for you?
Because I care about you.
Oh, you care about me?
You do? (CHUCKLES)
The only reason why we're together
is because everyone else is dead.
Don't pretend this is something.
It's not.
I'm not pretending.
Why are you being like this?
I am so bored of all this shit.
I am bored of being scared.
I'm bored of worrying about Sacha.
Sometimes I want to put a gun
in my mouth and pull the trigger.
Don't say that.
(SOBS QUIETLY)
Please don't say that.
How much do we have left?
Enough for now.
-What if we can't find any more?
-We'll find some.
I promise.
Catherine.
(IN FRENCH)
His name isn't on any of the offices,
or list of classes.
You think it's the wrong university?
He wrote the book 5 years ago.
Maybe this whole thing was crazy.
I wanted to believe
we could change things.
Because I needed to believe something.
(IN ENGLISH) Is anyone out there?
Please respond.
Can anyone hear me?
Just trying to make contact
with one of the other units.
No one's responding.
Maybe they're all dead.
Thank you.
You are with Sacha now?
I'm not exactly with him.
So what is it?
I don't know.
I didn't mean to hurt you.
There are boys like Sacha
in the militia.
You need to be careful.
What do you mean?
Some people have a dark heart.
-You don't know him.
-And you do?
He's not the person you think he is.
(IN FRENCH)
You want me to take the first watch?
No.
You should get some sleep.
You think I was wrong to
make us come to London?
It doesn't matter what
anyone else thinks.
That's not fair.
You know why Sophia went along
with your crazy plan?
Because you needed it.
It was for you,
because you're so screwed up
you can't even cry when
the man you love dies.
You promised her that you'd make
a better future for our baby.
I tried.
Was it really about our baby...
or was it a mathematical problem...
something you wanted to solve?
Don't worry.
It's not the first time
you've let her down.
You've never been there for her...
I'll wake you in two hours.
(IN ENGLISH) I was looking for you.
Sacha.
What is it?
We're meant to be together.
We've seen it.
How have we seen it?
I don't know.
I think it's bigger than us.
We have to trust our feelings.
I know you feel it too.
Everything is gonna be all right
if we're together.
I promise.
Maybe this was always going to happen.
We should be together.
(IN FRENCH)
I saw a light.
It might be our professor.
There were people living here.
Catherine?
You think he killed himself?
Looks that way.
He bandaged his wrist?
Maybe he changed his mind.
Don't shoot it! Don't shoot it!
What is that?
I don't know.
(IN ENGLISH) We have to go.
(IN FRENCH)
Wait.
Should you be doing this?
What about the baby?
Don't worry. It's okay to carry
dead bodies in your first trimester.
You think he'd just had enough?
I guess so...
I'll check the rest of the building.
This data is full of the same constants
that appear in the notebook.
You planning on getting any sleep?
You're awake.
Can you find your own people?
You're letting me go?
Well, it's either that or I shoot you.
And that would be
a strange thing to do.
Why did you help me?
What he did to you in there,
nobody deserves that.
When I was sleeping,
were you gonna take the gun
and shoot me?
Yes.
(SCOFFS)
I save your life
and you try to kill me?
Why do you hate us?
-It won't make sense to you.
-No, no, no. Try me.
What do you want?
Why did you come here?
I won't betray my people.
(SIGHS) You can go.
I'm not gonna stop you.
(GROANS)
My stomach.
(CONTINUES GROANING)
Do you mind if I examine you?
Jesus.
He was kicking me.
He wouldn't stop.
I think you have a haematoma.
I'll go and see if
I can find some painkillers.
Here.
I've got to go somewhere.
Zoe?
Zoe, are you out there?
Zoe, it's Bill.
Zoe.
(DOOR CLOSES)
Hungry?
SOPHIA: Catherine?
(IN FRENCH)
Hey.
What time is it?
Just after nine.
How's your new pet?
Did you give it a name?
No.
He looks like a Bob.
Bob is really smart.
All this data.
It took me all night
to figure out what it is.
-What is it?
-Watch.
Wait. You're going
to hit Bob with a hammer?
Look at the screen...
It's analysing my movement.
Not just my actual movement.
It's calculating every possible movement
I could make...
Look.
This.
Or this.
It's calculating all the possibilities
in an instant.
And this makes Bob smart?
His sensors work on a quantum level.
I can feed this data into the formulas
in the notebook.
It should help me understand them.
So you and Bob are working together now?
Yes.
He's my assistant.
(IN ENGLISH)
Don't know if anyone's
ever gonna see this, but...
Well, it's two days since the attack.
The Internet's down,
so we don't have any way of finding out
what's going on out there.
We have food, water and power.
So, erm,
I guess we're doing okay.
Lilly, do you wanna say something?
LILY: No. I don't know what to say.
Just say how you're feeling.
I'm scared.
I miss my mum and dad, my friends.
I hate not knowing
what's happened to them.
Hey, hey, hey. It's okay.
We're safe.
Day three.
We're hanging in there.
Every day, it gets a little bit harder.
I guess this is the last time
I record one of these.
They say your whole life
flashes before you
just before you die.
What if it's just one life?
One life of infinite possible
other lives.
Every time we make a choice,
we start a new path.
What if you also continue
on the other path?
There's a path where I made
different choices.
I'm sorry, Lilly.
I'm so sorry.
I love you.
(GROANS)
Is anyone out there?
BILL OVER RADIO: Zoe, can you hear me?
-Bill, where are you?
-I'm in an apartment.
I went back to the leisure centre
to get a radio.
What happened to you? Ash is dead.
Yeah. Sacha...
He tried to kill me.
He killed Ash.
He stabbed him.
It was Sacha?
He stabbed Ash.
I went back to the cinema.
They were all over it.
I thought they'd got you.
We got out.
What about Tom?
Yeah, he's fine.
And Emily?
Yeah, she's safe.
We're giving her insulin.
Listen, you've got to get her to my
old lab so that I can extract the virus.
They're not gonna let me just take her.
I'll have to get her away
from the others.
Okay. God, it's good to hear your voice.
We should conserve our batteries.
I'll let you know
as soon as I've got Emily.
Okay. Over and out.
Bill, no one really says that.
Okay. Right.